# Organizers meeting minutes

**DATE:** 2019-09-06

**PARTICIPANTS:**
_In alphabetical order_

* @amaliacardenas
* @daverick
* @jmbriano
* @loriking
* @raquelalvear
* @saljuama


**LOCATION:**

Lemonade

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (35')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|Specific workshops/Curriculum development|@loriking|5|
|Adding collaborators board|@jmbriano|5|
|Handbook for organisers|@amaliacardenas|5|
|Social Media Fun (Instagram, Community Manager, Designer)|@raquelalvear|5|
|Pairing support|@daverick & @jmbriano|5|
|Better the feedback student-coach|@daverick with Edu|5|
|codebar BCN role in building LGBTQIA + tech community|@daverick|5|


## New initiatives (25')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|Coach Kit|@daverick|5|
|Funding|x|5|
|Collaborating with Elastic|@daverick|5|
|Publicity talk at the smart cities conference|@amaliacardenas|5|
|Sharing minutes of our meetings to promote interest&initiatives|@daverick|5|


## Parking Lot (No time assigned)

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|New organizers|x|x|
|Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages|@jmbriano|x|
|Define process for selecting next hosts|@amaliacardenas|x|
|Pride Month|@daverick|x|
|Tracking monthly meeting topics in Trello|@loriking|x|

# Ongoing initiatives

## Specific workshops/Curriculum development

**Owner:** @loriking , co-owners @saljuama @raquelalvear

**Status:**

This topic was merged with: additional workshops. @loriking created a project on GitHub and started planning workshops. From now on, we'll add cards on the project and create issues. There's a need to tag those issues to not get lost ! We'll call them One-off workshops.
We'll try to plan one before the year ends, @loriking has the location

This topic is **ongoing** and should be included in the next meeting.


## Adding collaborators board

**Owner:**  @jmbriano

**Status:**

No progress - now @jmbriano takes over this initiative. Tryin to plan this before considering enrolling new organisers
@raquelalvear will see if she can work with @Edu on the feedback

This topic is **ongoing** and should be included in the next meeting


## Handbook for organisers

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**
No updates.

This is topic is **ongoing** and to be included in the next meeting.


## Social Media Fun (Instagram, Community Manager, Designer)

**Owner:** @raquelalvear

**Status:**
No updates. We'll write a guide about all of the social media accounts and how to use them


This topic is **ongoing** and to be included in the next meeting


## better pairing support

**Owner:** @jmbriano & @amaliacardenas & @daverick

**Status:**
We used the tool that someone at codebar created and want to use it as a base to create a project with codebar students (as a long-term initiative). The PR is created (#36)
It was also discussed that we should take a closer look at the website to see if we can add a button for the pairing tool.
Also: change the description of the slack channel with our names as organisers
Martin & David want to add the language in the tool that's already created

This topic is **ongoing** and to be included in the next meeting


## Working with some student on making better the feedback from student to coach

**Owner:** @Edu ? + @raquelalvear

**Ongoing**
MERGED with collaborators board

## BCN codebar role in building LGBTQIA + tech community

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**

We should push this forward and promote diversity in different companies and other spaces, in a collaborative manner with other organizations already doing this.
There is a Donate button (Maybe not functioning) in the codebar page, it is possible to communicate with codebar the donations that are donated for the barcelona chapter for this purpose.

This topic is **ongoing** and should be included in the next meeting.


# New initiatives

## Sharing minutes of our meetings to promote interest&initiatives

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status: approved and Ongoing**

We share it on slack - it's open and everybody can have a look at it


## Coach Kit

**Owner:** @daverick , @amaliacardenas, @loriking

**Status: approved and ongoing**

a kit for coach so that they can explain to their coworker why coaching at codebar is super cool (came from a chat with Alyssa from typeform to how to foment their employee to coach at codebar when it will be at typeform)

Consider presenting codebar at the host company beforehand, so they can get to know what is it like to be a coach.
Other ideas:
1. Take a look at FAQ and the assets and use it for our future coaches
2. Make videos with coaches explaining how they do it
3. Talk to Kimberley!


## Funding

**Owner:** @daverick

Status **Ongoing**
This topic is found in an issue. We'll keep commenting and adding ideas on what uses we could give to the funding (if any)


## Collaborating with Elastic // Volunteering

**Owner:** @daverick

At Elastic they have volunteering programs. David proposed to use the volunteering from this company and other companies to use it in favor of diversity in tech. Some other companies like Typeform wanted to start doing something like this too
idea: small bootcamp

**Status:** **approved and Ongoing**


## Publicity talk at the smart cities conference

Thais is helping organize the smart cities coference and she wants to give passes to our community and promote organizations like ours (19-21 of November)
She's working with desidem. They're trying to make feedback on the democratic process more transparent
They want to work with the RGSOC program
**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:** **Ongoing and accepted**


# Parking Lot

## New Organizers

**Owner** @loriking & @saljuama

**Status:**

Not to be discussed until we have the collaborators board


## Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**
PR failed, there will be a redesign of the page.
Option to translate the whole Codebar page. Propose as an exercise on OSS collaboration / ask for volunteers

This topic is in the **Parking Lot** until advancements are made in chapter-organiser-meetings#16.


## Define process for selecting next hosts

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**

We do not need it for 2019. We do not know if we need it for 2020.

This topic goes to the **parking lot**!


## Pride Month

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**
It's over T_T
Event went really well, and had a good traction.
SADLY this event can be **closed** until next year


## Tracking monthly meeting topics in Trello

**Owner** @loriking

**Status:**

We'll have the monthly meetings in a project on github from now on.


# Next monthly meeting

**Facilitator:** @daverick

**Date:** 2019-10-04
